c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\WCFMovies2.dll.config
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\WCFMovies2.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\WCFMovies2.pdb
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.EntityFrameworkProvider.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.xml
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.OData.EntityFrameworkProvider.xml
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\obj\Debug\WCFMovies2.dll
c:\users\nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\obj\Debug\WCFMovies2.pdb
C:\Users\Nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\obj\Debug\WCFMoviesLib2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\obj\Debug\WCFMovies2.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\Nikki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WCFMovies2\WCFMovies2\obj\Debug\WCFMoviesLib2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
